Msgidd - a Message ID daemon.

This is a part of the HUSKY portable fidonet software project.


I. Introduction.


A Msgidd package provides independent support for the generation of the MSGID
for any FTN software. Message ID daemon listens a TCP port 16890 and generate
new MSGID number for each request. Daemon also store last generated MSGID
number into disk file to prevent drops of MSGID sequence if daemon is aborted.


II. Package contents.


The Msgidd package contains:
- msgidd
- msgidclient
- MsgIdClient.class
- README


III. Package components descriptions.


1. msgidd

This is a simple msgid server. It is based on the tserver code from the
book "Linux Application Development".

Msgidd waits for a connection on port 16890/TCP. Once a connection has been
established, get commands and return appropriate return message, and then
wait for another connection to the socket.

Now Msgidd recognizes only command "getMsgId": generate and return new MSGID.

To informational purposes please add following line into /etc/services:

msgid		16890/tcp	# husky MSGID daemon

After this you may get the new MSGID using command:

telnet localhost msgid
(put string "getMsgId")
(read generated MSGID)


2. msgidclient

This is a simple msgidd client. It is based on the tclient code from the
book "Linux Application Development".

Msgidclient connects to the server whose hostname or IP address is given as
an command line argument, at port 16980/TCP (msgidd port). Once connected,
write a string "getMsgId" to the socket, read the data from socket and
print this data to stdout until server closes a connection. If connection
can't be established then Msgidclient generates MSGID using internally
implemented algorithm.


3. MsgIdClient.class

This is a JAVA msgidd client.

MsgIdClient.class connects to the server whose hostname or IP address is
given as an command line argument, at port 16980/TCP (msgidd port). Once
connected, write a string "getMsgId" to the socket, read the data from
socket and print this data to stdout until server closes a connection.
Internal MSGID generator isn't implemented.


4. README

This file.


$Id$
